The President:
Hi, everybody.
Last week, without much fanfare,
Members of the House of
Representatives banged a
gavel, turned out the lights,
and rushed home, declaring
their work finished for now.
If that frustrates
you, it should --
because their work
isn't finished.
See, when they skipped town,
Members of Congress left a whole
bunch of proposals
sitting on the table --
actions that would create
jobs, boost our economy,
and strengthen
middle-class security.
These ideas have been
around for months.
The American people
want to see them passed.
But apparently, some Members of
Congress are more worried about
their jobs and their paychecks
this campaign season than they
are about yours.
Right now, if Congress
had done the right thing,
we would be on our way to having
a veterans' jobs corps that
helps returning heroes find work
as cops and firefighters in
communities all
across the country.
These men and women have made
incredible sacrifices for
our country.
They shouldn't have to worry
about finding a job when
they get home.
But last week, Republicans
in Congress voted it down.
And then they left.
Right now, if Congress had
gotten its act together,
we would have a farm bill to
help farmers and ranchers
respond to natural disasters
like the drought we had
this summer.
And we'd have made necessary
reforms to give our rural
communities some
long-term certainty.
But so far, Republicans
in Congress have
dragged their feet.
And now they're gone.
Right now, if
Congress had acted,
thousands of responsible
homeowners could be saving an
extra $3,000 a year on their
mortgages by refinancing at
historically low rates.
But instead, Republicans in
Congress decided that working
families could wait.
And now they'll have to
wait a little longer.
And finally, if Congress
had listened to you,
they would have given 98% of
Americans and 97% of small
business owners a guarantee that
your taxes won't go up next year
by a single dime.
This is something
we all agree on.
It should have gotten
done a long time ago.
But Republicans in Congress
have refused to budge.
They're holding tax cuts for 98%
of Americans hostage until we
pass tax cuts for the
wealthiest 2% of Americans.
And now middle-class families
and small business owners are
left wondering what their tax
bill will look like next year.
All of these ideas would
strengthen our economy and help
the middle class right now.
All of them are
supported by Democrats,
Republicans and Independents.
There's no reason to wait.
That's why, after going home and
listening to their constituents
for a few weeks, Members of
Congress should come back in
November and do this work.
They should do the right thing
for veterans and farmers;
for responsible homeowners
and small businesses;
for Americans everywhere who
are just trying to get ahead.
And if you agree with
me, I need your help.
Tell your Members of Congress
you can't afford to wait
any longer.
If you get an answering
machine, leave a message.
If you see them campaigning
back home, tell them in person.
Because there's
been enough talk.
It's time for action.
That's what you deserve, and
that's what it's going to take
to move this country forward.
Thanks, and have a
wonderful weekend.